1. What do you understand by the universal selector?
ANS-An asterisk ( i.e. "*" ) is used to denote a CSS universal selector.  This is useful when you want to set a style for of all the elements of an HTML page 

2. What are the different types of positions?
Ans- STATIC, FIXED, ABSOLUTE, RELATIVE and STICKY

3. What are the elements of the CSS Box Model?
Ans-Margin,Border, Padding, Content

4. How can CSS be integrated into an HTML page?
Ans- Using Link Tag

5. Explain a few advantages of CSS. 
Ans- COde Reusability
     Better Website Speed
     Time Saving

6.  What is meant by RGB
Ans- RED BLUE GREEN

7. What is the difference between a class and an ID?
Ans-Class can select multiple ELement but ID is used to select a single element

8. Name media types allowed by CSS.
Ans- Screen, TV, Embossed, Braille.

9. How can you use CSS to control image repetition?
Ans-  background-repeat: no-repeat;

10.  Tell us about the property used for image scroll controlling?
Ans- Background-attachment

11. Name some font-related CSS attributes
Ans- Font-size and font-style

12. Explain responsive web design. 
Ans - RWD is creating webpages that look good in all devices(automatically adjust for diff screensizes and viewport)

13. What is VH/VW (viewport height/ viewport width) in CSS?
Ans- It is the user visible area of web page

14. What is the difference between inline, inline-block, and block?
Ans- 

15. What are the differences between adaptive design and responsive design?
Ans- A responsive design can change its layout and appearance based on the screen size of the device it's accessed on, from a large desktop computer to a small mobile phone. 
An adaptive design requires the creation of a different layout for each device the website will be accessed on.

16. What are the different ways to hide the element using CSS?
ANS- Display: none or Visiblity : hidden

17. What does !important mean in CSS?

18. Tell  about CSS float property.
Ans- The float property specifies whether an element should float to the left, right, or not at all.